<h2>Standing Committeess</h2>
<p>Note: Dates indicate term expiration on June 30 of year shown.</p>
<h3 class="accordionHeader">Academic Appeals Committee</h3>
<div class="accordionContent"><h4>Chair</h4>
<p>Leslie Stoel (MKT) (2019)</p>
<h4>Dean's Liaison</h4>
<p>Marti Kyger</p>
<h4>Members</h4>
<ul><li>Dan Heitger (ACC) (2019)</li>
<li>Jim Brock (ECO) (2017)</li>
<li>David Marshall (FIN) (2019)</li>
<li>Pat Schur (ISA) (2018)</li>
<li>Rocky Newman (MGT) (2017)</li>
</ul>
<h4>Alternates</h4>
<ul><li>Michele Frank (ACC) (2019)</li>
<li>Greg Niemesh (ECO) (2017)</li>
<li>Tyler Henry (FIN) (2019)</li>
<li>Sumit Sircar (ISA) (2018)</li>
<li>Henry Jin (MGT) (2019)</li>
<li>Sanjay Puligadda (MKT) (2017)</li>
</ul>
<h4>Committee Charge</h4>
<ol><li>Consider academic grievances as outlined in the Student Handbook.</li>
<li>The Committee will meet to address its annual charge.</li>
<li>Meeting minutes will be taken.</li>
<li>The Committee Chair will provide a summative year-end report of Committee activities to the Associate Dean for Curriculum. This report will be added as a consent item to the agenda of the final spring faculty meeting.</li>
</ol>
</div>
<h3 class="accordionHeader">Business Honors and Scholars Committee</h3>
<div class="accordionContent"><h4>Chair</h4>
<p>Jan Taylor (MKT) (2018)</p>
<h4>Dean's Liaison</h4>
<p>Barnali Gupta</p>
<h4>Members</h4>
<ul><li>Jon Grenier (ACC) (2018)</li>
<li>Jing Li (ECO) (2019)</li>
<li>Haim Kassa (FIN) (2019)</li>
<li>Jeff Merhout (ISA) (2017)</li>
<li>Megan Gerhardt (MGT) (2018)</li>
<li>Michelle Thomas (Director of Student Organizations &amp; Diversity, ex officio)</li>
<li>Meghan Morris (Academic Advisor, ex officio)</li>
</ul>
<h4>Committee Charge</h4>
<ol><li>Provide oversight and guidance of the Business Honors Program and the Farmers Scholars Program.</li>
<li>Assist the Honors Director in maintaining the FSB Honors Program.</li>
<li>Work with the Honors Director to implement recommendations from spring 2016.</li>
<li>The Committee will meet to address its annual charge. </li>
<li>Meeting minutes will be taken.</li>
<li>The Committee Chair will provide a summative year-end report of Committee activities to the Associate Dean for Curriculum. This report will be added as a consent item to the agenda of the final spring faculty meeting.</li>
</ol>
</div>
<h3 class="accordionHeader">Committee of Advisors</h3>
<div class="accordionContent"><h4>Chair and Dean's Liaison</h4>
<p>Marti Kyger</p>
<h4>Members</h4>
<ul><li>Jan Eighme (ACC)</li>
<li>Steve Elliott (ECO)</li>
<li>Terry Nixon (FIN)</li>
<li>Jeff Merhout (ISA)</li>
<li>Rocco Manzo (MGT)</li>
<li>Debbie Coleman (MKT)</li>
</ul>
<h4>Committee Charge</h4>
<ol><li>Review undergraduate student petitions.</li>
<li>Consider ways to improve the advising process at both divisional and departmental levels.</li>
<li>The Committee will meet to address its annual charge.</li>
<li>Meeting minutes will be taken.</li>
<li>The Committee Chair will provide a summative year-end report of Committee activities to the Associate Dean for Curriculum. This report will be added as a consent item to the agenda of the final spring faculty meeting.</li>
</ol>
</div>
<h3 class="accordionHeader">Diversity Committee</h3>
<div class="accordionContent"><h4>Chair</h4>
<p>Marti Kyger</p>
<h4>Members</h4>
<ul><li>Timothy Eaton (ACC) (2018)</li>
<li>Kelly Brunarski (FIN) (2019)</li>
<li>Waldyn Martinez (ISA) (2017)</li>
<li>Xiaowen Huang (MGT) (2018)</li>
<li>Neil Brigden (MKT) (2018)</li>
<li>Carolyn Craig (MKT)</li>
<li>Michelle Thomas (Director of Student Organizations &amp; Diversity, ex officio)</li>
</ul>
<h4>Dean's Liaison</h4>
<p>Barnali Gupta</p>
<h4>Committee Charge</h4>
<ol><li>Review on-going FSB diversity initiatives in context of the FSB strategic plan.</li>
<li>Monitor implications of Fisher vs. Texas legislation as it pertains to FSB's diversity plan.</li>
<li><div>Recommend strategies that will foster and nurture a community that is welcoming to, and inclusive of students, faculty and staff with different backgrounds talents, and skills, and identify ways to encourage faculty, students and staff to engage productively with diversity issues.</div>
</li>
<li>Review and refine the metrics related to the division's diversity-related strategic initiatives.</li>
<li><div>Recommend strategies that will foster and nurture a community that is welcoming and inclusive of international students.</div>
</li>
<li><div>Review undergraduate petitions related to the FSB diversity requirement in accordance with the agreed upon committee procedure.</div>
</li>
<li>The Committee will meet to address its annual charge.</li>
<li>Meeting minutes will be taken.</li>
<li><div>The Committee Chair will provide a summative year-end report of Committee activities to the Associate Dean for Curriculum. This report will be added as a consent item to the agenda of the final spring faculty meeting.</div>
</li>
</ol>
</div>
<h3 class="accordionHeader">Divisional Promotion and Tenure Committee</h3>
<div class="accordionContent"><h4>Members</h4>
<ul><li>Tim Eaton (ACC) (2019)</li>
<li>Melissa Thomasson (ECO) (2019)</li>
<li>Bill Even (FIN Rep) (2017)</li>
<li>Zafer Ozdemir (ISA) (2017)</li>
<li>Tim Krehbiel (MGT) (2018)</li>
<li>Mike McCarthy (MKT) (2017)</li>
</ul>
<h4>Dean's Liaison</h4>
<p>Tim Greenlee</p>
<h4>Committee Charge</h4>
<ol><li>Serve as Advisory Committee to Dean for Divisional P&amp;T.</li>
<li>Provide periodic reviews of Endowed Chairs and Professors and forward recommendations to the Dean.</li>
<li><div>Review applications for the Endres Associate Professor Fellowships and forward recommendations to the Dean.</div>
</li>
<li>The Committee will meet to address its annual charge.</li>
<li>Meeting minutes will be taken.</li>
<li>The Committee Chair will provide a summative year-end report of Committee activities to the Associate Dean for Curriculum. This report will be added as a consent item to the agenda of the final spring faculty meeting.</li>
</ol>
</div>
<h3 class="accordionHeader">Faculty Committee for the Evaluation of Administrators</h3>
<div class="accordionContent"><p><strong>Note:</strong>
 Members of this committee are elected within department by faculty.</p>
<h4>Chair</h4>
<p>Elected by Committee Members</p>
<h4>Members</h4>
<ul><li>Tim Eaton (ACC) (2018)</li>
<li>John Bowblis (ECO) (2017)</li>
<li>Terry Nixon (FIN) (2018)</li>
<li>Xiang Fang (ISA) (2017)</li>
<li>TBD (MGT) (2019), <em>MGT needs to elect a new member</em>
</li>
<li>Devon DelVecchio (MKT) (2018)</li>
</ul>
<h4>Dean's Liaison</h4>
<p>N/A</p>
<h4>Committee Charge</h4>
<ol><li><div>Conduct reviews and issue reports for Department Chairs, and Associate and Assistant Deans seeking continuation or reappointment in years, respectively, three and five of a five-year appointment, and in year three of a three-year appointment, in accordance with university and divisional governance.</div>
</li>
<li><div>Conduct reviews and issue reports for Directors of school-wide academic programs seeking re-appointment in year three of their administrative assignment at the discretion of the Dean or the Committee, in accordance with university and divisional governance.</div>
</li>
<li><div>The Committee will meet to address its annual charge.</div>
</li>
<li>Meeting minutes will be taken.</li>
<li>The Committee Chair will provide a summative year-end report of Committee activities to the Associate Dean for Curriculum. This report will be added as a consent item to the agenda of the final spring faculty meeting.</li>
</ol>
</div>
<h3 class="accordionHeader">Graduate Studies Committee</h3>
<div class="accordionContent"><h4>Chair</h4>
<p>Lisa Ellram (MGT) (2019)</p>
<h4>Members</h4>
<ul><li>Melissa Thomasson (Director, Masters in Economics Program)</li>
<li>Dale Stoel (Director, Masters in Accountancy Program)</li>
<li>David Shrider (FIN) (2017)</li>
<li>Doug Havelka (ISA) (2017)</li>
<li>Sanjay Puligadda (MKT) (2018)</li>
<li>Tom Heuer (MBA faculty) (2017)</li>
<li>Brad Bays (Sr. Director, MBA Programs, <span class="cls_005">ex officio)</span>
</li>
</ul>
<h4>Dean's Liaison</h4>
<p>Barnali Gupta</p>
<h4>Committee Charge</h4>
<ol><li>Review graduate curriculum change proposals for all FSB graduate courses and programs.</li>
<li><div>Assist the Program Director and Associate Deans in developing curricula or policies as required. As part of this process, monitor the assessment process for the MBA Program, and identify needed program and curricula changes.</div>
</li>
<li><div>Assist the Program Director and Associate Deans in identifying appropriate MBA faculty.</div>
</li>
<li>The Committee will meet to address its annual charge.</li>
<li>Meeting minutes will be taken.</li>
<li>The Committee Chair will provide a summative year-end report of Committee activities to the Associate Dean for Curriculum. This report will be added as a consent item to the agenda of the final spring faculty meeting.</li>
</ol>
</div>
<h3 class="accordionHeader">International Studies Committee</h3>
<div class="accordionContent"><h4>Chair</h4>
<p>David Shrider (FIN) (2018)</p>
<h4>Members</h4>
<ul><li>Annie Farrell (ACC) (2019)</li>
<li>Jing Li (ECO) (2018)</li>
<li>Sooun Lee (ISA) (2017)</li>
<li>Rocco Manzo (MGT) (2019)</li>
<li>Mike McCarthy (MKT) (2018)</li>
<li>Kim Suellau (Director International Programs &amp; Academic Advisor, <span class="cls_005">ex officio)</span>
</li>
</ul>
<h4>Dean's Liaison</h4>
<p>Tim Greenlee and Barnali Gupta</p>
<h4>Committee Charge</h4>
<ol><li>Define academic program expectations for the students and faculty on FSB Study Abroad Programs.</li>
<li><div><div>Monitor BUS international curricula and make recommendations for changes as needed. Ensure all Study Abroad Programs and workshops meet instructional policy compliance.</div>
</div>
</li>
<li><div><div>Review and approve proposals for FSB Study Abroad Programs and other workshops that run through university Global Initiatives.</div>
</div>
</li>
<li>The Committee will meet to address its annual charge.</li>
<li>Meeting minutes will be taken.</li>
<li>The Committee Chair will provide a summative year-end report of Committee activities to the Associate Dean for Curriculum. This report will be added as a consent item to the agenda of the final spring faculty meeting.</li>
</ol>
</div>
<h3 class="accordionHeader">Learning Outcomes Assessment Committee</h3>
<div class="accordionContent"><h4>Chair</h4>
<p>Janice Kinghorn (ECO) Assessment Director</p>
<h4>Members</h4>
<ul><li>Jan Eighme (ACC) (2018)</li>
<li>Kelly Brunarski (FIN) (2018)</li>
<li>T. M. Rajkumar (ISA) (2019)</li>
<li>Pete Salzarulo (MGT) (2017)</li>
<li>Terri Barr (MKT) (2019)</li>
<li>Heidi McKee (Howe Writing Initiative Director, <span class="cls_005">ex officio)</span>
</li>
</ul>
<h4>Dean's Liaison</h4>
<p>Barnali Gupta</p>
<h4>Committee Charge</h4>
<ol><li><div>Review and support the division's Assessment Program. Assist the Director of Assessment and the Associate Dean for Curriculum in ensuring successful assessment planning and execution of all aspects of FSB assessment for compliance with AACSB and HLC accreditation.</div>
</li>
<li><div><div>The Committee will meet to address its annual charge.</div>
</div>
</li>
<li>Meeting minutes will be taken.</li>
<li>The Committee Chair will provide a summative year-end report of Committee activities to the Associate Dean for Curriculum. This report will be added as a consent item to the agenda of the final spring faculty meeting.</li>
</ol>
</div>
<h3 class="accordionHeader">Research Committee</h3>
<div class="accordionContent"><h4>Chair</h4>
<p>Brian Ballou (ACC) (2019)</p>
<h4>Members</h4>
<ul><li>Prosper Raynold (ECO) (2018)</li>
<li>Tom Boulton (FIN) (2019)</li>
<li>Allison Jones-Farmer (ISA) (2019)</li>
<li>Peng Wang (MGT) (2018)</li>
<li>Eric Stenstrom (MKT) (2018)</li>
</ul>
<h4>Dean's Liaison</h4>
<p>Tim Greenlee</p>
<h4>Committee Charge</h4>
<ol><li><div>Determine Summer Research Grant recipients.</div>
</li>
<li>Determine FSB annual researcher award winners.</li>
<li>The Committee will develop a 'checks and balances' process to ensure that all faculty nominated for grants and research awards are contacted regarding their nomination.</li>
<li>Promote scholarly activity within the FSB.</li>
<li>The Committee will meet to address its annual charge.</li>
<li>Meeting minutes will be taken.</li>
<li>The Committee Chair will provide a summative year-end report of Committee activities to the Associate Dean for Curriculum. This report will be added as a consent item to the agenda of the final spring faculty meeting.</li>
</ol>
</div>
<h3 class="accordionHeader">Teaching Effectiveness Committee</h3>
<div class="accordionContent"><h4>Chair</h4>
<p>Bryan Ashenbaum (MGT) (2018)</p>
<h4>Members</h4>
<ul><li>Prosper Raynold (ECO) (2018)</li>
<li>Tom Boulton (FIN) (2019)</li>
<li>Allison Jones-Farmer (ISA) (2019)</li>
<li>Peng Wang (MGT) (2018)</li>
<li>Eric Stenstrom (MKT) (2018)</li>
</ul>
<h4>Dean's Liaison</h4>
<p>Tim Greenlee</p>
<h4>Committee Charge</h4>
<ol><li><div>Determine Summer Research Grant recipients.</div>
</li>
<li>Determine FSB annual researcher award winners.</li>
<li>The Committee will develop a 'checks and balances' process to ensure that all faculty nominated for grants and research awards are contacted regarding their nomination.</li>
<li>Promote scholarly activity within the FSB.</li>
<li>The Committee will meet to address its annual charge.</li>
<li>Meeting minutes will be taken.</li>
<li>The Committee Chair will provide a summative year-end report of Committee activities to the Associate Dean for Curriculum. This report will be added as a consent item to the agenda of the final spring faculty meeting.</li>
</ol>
</div>
<h3 class="accordionHeader">Technology Policies Committee</h3>
<div class="accordionContent"><h4>Chair</h4>
<p>Gabe Lee (ISA/AIMS)</p>
<h4>Members</h4>
<ul><li>Greg Niemesh (ECO)</li>
<li>Brad Goldie (FIN)</li>
<li>Sumit Sircar (ISA)</li>
<li>Gerald Cruez (Sr. Director, FSB IT)</li>
</ul>
<h4>Dean's Liaison</h4>
<p>Rebekah Keasling</p>
<h4>Committee Charge</h4>
<ol><li><div>Review and make recommendations on divisional technology related issues.</div>
</li>
<li>Review student tech-fee proposals on behalf of FSB.</li>
<li>The Committee will meet to address its annual charge.</li>
<li>Meeting minutes will be taken.</li>
<li>The Committee Chair will provide a summative year-end report of Committee activities to the Associate Dean for Curriculum. This report will be added as a consent item to the agenda of the final spring faculty meeting.</li>
</ol>
</div>
<h3 class="accordionHeader">Undergraduate Studies Committee</h3>
<div class="accordionContent"><h4>Chair</h4>
<p>Bill Even (ECO) (2019)</p>
<h4>Members</h4>
<ul><li>Drew Reffett (ACC) (2018)</li>
<li>Terry Nixon (FIN) (2019)</li>
<li>Zafer Ozdemir (ISA) (2019)</li>
<li>David Walsh (MGT) (2018)</li>
<li>Gillian Oakenfull (MKT) (2018)</li>
<li>Chanelle White (Senior Academic Advisor, <span class="cls_005">ex officio)</span>
</li>
</ul>
<h4>Dean's Liaison</h4>
<p>Barnali Gupta</p>
<h4>Committee Charge</h4>
<ol><li><div><div>Review and make recommendations to faculty on undergraduate-level course and curricular change proposals.</div>
</div>
</li>
<li><div>Review recommendations from other Committees, as they relate to undergraduate curricula or program changes.</div>
</li>
<li>Review divisional proposals pertaining to Liberal Education.</li>
<li>The Committee will meet to address its annual charge.</li>
<li>Meeting minutes will be taken.</li>
<li>The Committee Chair will provide a summative year-end report of Committee activities to the Associate Dean for Curriculum. This report will be added as a consent item to the agenda of the final spring faculty meeting.</li>
</ol>
</div>
<h2>Ad Hoc Committees</h2>
<h3 class="accordionHeader">Career Services Committee</h3>
<div class="accordionContent"><h4>Chair</h4>
<p>John Bowblis (ECO) (2019)</p>
<h4>Members</h4>
<ul><li>Jon Grenier (ACC) (2019)</li>
<li>Lee Biggerstaff (FIN) (2019)</li>
<li>Jeff Merhout (ISA) (2017)</li>
<li>Bryan Ashenbaum (MGT) (2017)</li>
<li>Jan Taylor (MKT) (2017)</li>
<li>Dave Leurck (Director of Corporate Relations)</li>
<li>Nick Cattin (Director of Professional Development and Career Education)</li>
<li>Brenda Homan (Ernst &amp; Young Professional Development Advisor)</li>
<li>Dave Zilch (Sr. Director of Development for FSB)</li>
</ul>
<h4>Dean's Liaison</h4>
<p>Kirk Bogard</p>
<h4>Committee Charge</h4>
<ol><li>Work with the Director of Career &amp; Professional Development:<ol><li>Educate faculty and students about the Office of Career Services policies and services.</li>
<li>Strategically expand the number of on-campus recruiting firms.</li>
<li>Improve student placement (internship/employment) outcomes.</li>
<li>Better understand and meet the unique needs of our diverse students (major; international; etc.)</li>
<li>Monitor the use of and student outcomes related to the BUS 340 Professional Practice workshop.</li>
<li>Improve communication of divisional career-related services through FSB web-presence.</li>
<li>Develop a comprehensive, four-year career education strategy.</li>
</ol>
</li>
<li><div>The Committee will meet to address its annual charge.</div>
</li>
<li>Meeting minutes will be taken.</li>
<li>The Committee Chair will provide a summative year-end report of Committee activities to the Associate Dean for Curriculum. This report will be added as a consent item to the agenda of the final spring faculty meeting.</li>
</ol>
</div>
<h3 class="accordionHeader">Committee on the Selection of Commencement and Anderson Series Speakers</h3>
<div class="accordionContent"><h4>Chair</h4>
<p>Don Norris (MKT) (2018)</p>
<h4>Members</h4>
<ul><li>Gerald Granderson (ECO) (2018)</li>
<li>Rhett Brymer (MGT) (2019)</li>
<li>Brett Smith (MKT/ESP) (2017)</li>
<li><div>Marti Kyger (Assistant Dean for Enrollment Management &amp; Director of Divisional Advising<span class="cls_005">)</span>
</div>
</li>
<li>BSAC (Student Representative)</li>
</ul>
<h4>Dean's Liaison</h4>
<p>Kirk Bogard</p>
<h4>Committee Charge</h4>
<ol><li><div>To nominate, for the Dean's consideration, the student speaker and the keynote speaker for the FSBcommencement ceremony.</div>
<ol><li><div>Recommendations for student speaker should focus on FSB graduating students with the highest academic and leadership credentials and accomplishments, from across all FSB programs. The Committee will provide the Dean with 2-4 finalist nominations.</div>
</li>
<li><div>Recommendations for commencement speaker should focus on high profile individuals, particularly alumni, who can make a positive impact on graduates as they move forward in their lives and careers.</div>
</li>
</ol>
</li>
<li><div><div>To nominate, for the Dean's consideration, the speaker for the Anderson Distinguished Lecture Series, and other high profile speakers coming to the Farmer School. Recommendations for the Anderson Series should be based on the MOA with the Anderson family, keeping in mind potential budget constraints.</div>
</div>
<ol><li><div><div>In making speaker recommendations, the Committee should consider scholarly or professional achievement, outstanding service to society, unique contribution to businesses or economies, social, technological or entrepreneurial innovation, and such other characteristics as the Committee shall consider worthy.</div>
</div>
</li>
<li><div><div>All recommendations should consider that high profile speakers are often linked with controversial subjects, and while the purpose of these speakers is not to agitate members of the campus community, open dialogue on meaningful issues is at the heart of the university mission.</div>
</div>
</li>
</ol>
</li>
<li>The Committee will meet to address its annual charge.</li>
<li>Meeting minutes will be taken.</li>
<li>The Committee Chair will provide a summative year-end report of Committee activities to the Associate Dean for Curriculum. This report will be added as a consent item to the agenda of the final spring faculty meeting.</li>
</ol>
</div>
<h3 class="accordionHeader">Core Curriculum Review Committee</h3>
<div class="accordionContent"><h4>Chair</h4>
<p>Annie Farrell (ACC)</p>
<h4>Members</h4>
<ul><li>Bill Even (ECO)</li>
<li>Yvette Harman (FIN)</li>
<li>Gabe Lee (ISA)</li>
<li>Joe Rode (MGT)</li>
<li>Gillian Oakenfull (MKT)</li>
<li>Janice Kinghorn (Assessment Director)</li>
<li>Heidi McKee (Howe Writing Initiative Director, <span class="cls_005">ex officio)</span>
</li>
<li><div>Marti Kyger (Assistant Dean for Enrollment Management &amp; Director of Divisional Advising, <span class="cls_005">ex officio)</span>
</div>
</li>
</ul>
<h4>Dean's Liaison</h4>
<p>Barnali Gupta</p>
<h4>Committee Charge</h4>
<p>With the implementation of the first-year BQ curriculum during the fall semester 2016, this Committee is asked to review the remaining FSB core courses, excluding the FSB capstone courses. Recall, the BQ curriculum is an eight-hour integrated first-year core focused on the skills of Collaboration, Creativity, Computational Thinking and Communication overlaid with a focus on Globalization, Diversity, Technology and Ethics. The BQ core is designed to develop a student's 'Business Quotient (BQ),' and incorporates four distinct two-hour courses, with each course focused on a specific skill. In addition, to introduce first-year students to experiential learning, BQ incorporates a client-based project that incorporates all four skills.</p>
<p>Given first-year students will have experienced the BQ core, this committee is asked to recommend how the remaining FSB core courses might be reimagined to reflect the skills of collaboration, creativity, computational thinking and communication overlaid with a focus on globalization, diversity, technology and ethics.</p>
<ol><li><div>The Committee will meet to address its annual charge.</div>
</li>
<li>Meeting minutes will be taken.</li>
<li>The Committee Chair will provide a summative year-end report of Committee activities to the Associate Dean for Curriculum. This report will be added as a consent item to the agenda of the final spring faculty meeting.</li>
</ol>
</div>
<h3 class="accordionHeader">eLearning Committee</h3>
<div class="accordionContent"><h4>Chair</h4>
<p>Xiaowen Huang (MGT) (2017)</p>
<h4>Members</h4>
<ul><li>Beth Killy (ACC) (2017)</li>
<li>Janice Kinghorn (ECO) (2017)</li>
<li>Mark Lacker (ESP) (2017)</li>
<li>David Chappell (FIN) (2017)</li>
<li>Maria Weese (ISA) (2017)</li>
<li>Jim Coyle (MKT) (2017)</li>
<li>Heidi McKee (Howe Writing Initiative Director, <span class="cls_005">ex officio)</span>
</li>
<li>Jason Cardoso (Assistant Director of eLearning, <span class="cls_005">ex officio)</span>
</li>
</ul>
<h4>Dean's Liaison</h4>
<p>Barnali Gupta</p>
<h4>Committee Charge</h4>
<ol><li><div><div>Review and make recommendations on FSB eLearning initiatives and policies to match or exceed University 20/20 eLearning goals and policies.</div>
</div>
</li>
<li>Make recommendations for faculty support in the development of eLearning offerings.</li>
<li>The Committee will meet to address its annual charge.</li>
<li>Meeting minutes will be taken.</li>
<li>The Committee Chair will provide a summative year-end report of Committee activities to the Associate Dean for Curriculum. This report will be added as a consent item to the agenda of the final spring faculty meeting.</li>
</ol>
</div>
<h3 class="accordionHeader">Faculty Service Excellence Award Committee</h3>
<div class="accordionContent"><h4>Chair</h4>
<p>Skip Benamati (ISA)</p>
<h4>Members</h4>
<ul><li>Rebecca Luzadis (FIN)</li>
<li>Bob Dahlstrom (MKT)</li>
</ul>
<h4>Dean's Liaison</h4>
<p>Tim Greenlee</p>
<h4>Committee Charge</h4>
<ol><li><div><div>Determine annual Faculty Service Excellence Award recipient.</div>
</div>
</li>
<li>The Committee will meet to address its annual charge.</li>
<li>Meeting minutes will be taken.</li>
<li>The Committee Chair will provide a summative year-end report of Committee activities to the Associate Dean for Curriculum. This report will be added as a consent item to the agenda of the final spring faculty meeting.</li>
</ol>
</div>
<h3 class="accordionHeader">Gender Equity and Inclusion Task Force</h3>
<div class="accordionContent"><h4>Co-Chairs</h4>
<p>Sally Lloyd (FSB Staff) and Tim Krehbiel (MGT)</p>
<h4>Members</h4>
<ul><li>Dale Stoel (ACC)</li>
<li>Prosper Raynold (ECO)</li>
<li>Jeff Merhout (ISA)</li>
<li>Xiaowen Huang (MGT)</li>
<li>Alicia Revely (MGT)</li>
<li>Terri Barr (MKT)</li>
<li>Michelle Thomas (Director of Student Organization &amp; Diversity<span class="cls_005">)</span>
</li>
<li><span class="cls_005">Belinda Cross (Classified Staff Representative<span class="cls_005">)</span>
</span>
</li>
</ul>
<h4>Dean's Liaison</h4>
<p>Tim Greenlee</p>
</div>
<h3 class="accordionHeader">Teaching/Pedagogy Committee</h3>
<div class="accordionContent"><h4>Chair</h4>
<p>Terri Barr (MKT)</p>
<h4>Members</h4>
<ul><li>Brian Ballou (ACC)</li>
<li>Chuck Moul (ECO)</li>
<li>Terry Nixon (FIN)</li>
<li>Doug Havelka (ISA)</li>
<li>Pete Salzarulo (MGT)</li>
</ul>
<h4>Dean's Liaison</h4>
<p>Barnali Gupta</p>
<h4>Committee Charge</h4>
<p>During academic year 2016-2017, the Teaching/Pedagogy Committee is charged to make recommendations to support the FSB's teaching mission that is consistent with the <a href="http://miamioh.edu/fsb/about/mission-goals-initiatives/index.html" data-mce-href="http://miamioh.edu/fsb/about/mission-goals-initiatives/index.html">mission and principles</a>
 and <a href="http://miamioh.edu/fsb/about/strategic-initiatives/index.html" data-mce-href="http://miamioh.edu/fsb/about/strategic-initiatives/index.html">strategic initiatives</a>
 of the FSB. This may involve an articulation of effective pedagogies and key instruments to define, measure and demonstrate the impact of our teaching. Additionally, the Committee will address how these efforts will enhance the FSB brand.</p>
<ol><li><div>The Committee will meet to address its annual charge.</div>
</li>
<li>Meeting minutes will be taken.</li>
<li>The Committee Chair will provide a summative year-end report of Committee activities to the Associate Dean for Curriculum. This report will be added as a consent item to the agenda of the final spring faculty meeting.</li>
</ol>
</div>
